My earliest memories are of death...

Now, with a total loss of identity and past, it has taken what seems like another lifetime to progress from being unwelcome and destitute, lacking anything resembling a decent weapon with which to protect myself in this unforgiving and desolate place - to learning who I was, where I’d been, and where I needed to be. I acquired clues to help me get there, and weapons, armour, and medicine to survive the journey… 

Level 0 of STALKERSOUP is simply massive, with quests ranging from basic to complex and far-reaching. I have been testing this level of the much larger game for over a year and, though I have taken on the same quests many, many times, I still have to think about what I’m doing to survive and prevail. It is that varied and 
involved

There are NPCs whom I hate, those who I consider as trusted friends, mutants I enjoy hunting, and some I get very nervous about hunting me. The quests and storylines have been written by many people, and it shows. There is great variety even in the smallest things. I have played countless games in real life, but can honestly say that STALKERSOUP will always be in my top five. I look forward to every upgrade, to the multitude of new experiences that I know will come and, each time, I feel the call… 

I take a shot of vodka, put on my old leather coat, and break out my timeworn semi-accurate pistol. I check the action briefly, throw sixty rounds and a handful of medkits into my battered rucksack and, after a cursory glance behind me, head back once more into my adopted home, the Zone... 

Psy Dog 

……………………………………………………………………………………………......... 

STALKERSOUP Features 

Starting with the Narodnaya Solyanka mod, combining it with the DMX addon and the DKZ mods, adding new AMK, ABC, NLC patches, and then an extra storyline 
(Author: Dan), this independent game by TecnoBacon is widely considered to be one of the best and most stable adaptations of the STALKER trilogy 

The result of over five years’ relentless coding to merge these mods and add much more content, the game has a dedicated worldwide team of testers, ongoing translation from the original Russian, further translation to other languages, and regular (usually once a month) updates 

The game has benefited from a major refit over the last year, providing a much more stable and robust gameplay experience than ever before 

Containing over 230,000 objects, the 12Gb download unpacks a game weighing in at just over 19Gb (not including saves), and covers a huge number of quests over 
every map from Shadow of Chernobyl, Clear Sky, and Call of Pripyat, plus many new areas, creating an absolute minimum of 200 hours freeform gameplay

The game has its own dedicated Installer and Launcher, with selectable DX9, DX11, or SweetFX DX11, an automatic log cleaner, savegame manager, and a comprehensive choice of launch options (no more adding command lines to your shortcut!) 

The game currently includes: 

Over 250 weapons, from fists, knives, katana, and night-vision crossbow, to anti-tank weapons, heavy machine guns, grenade launchers, and a computerised sniper rifle 
(Authors: Zenobian Mod, Arsenal Mod, Simbion Mod, TIREX, giAdolf, Aahz, jgar, Alwen, eNdimiOn, ZEN, Kolyny, Death, Sm0kE, Sin!, Zeka1996, Korneev, Kirag. 
Authors’ models: Aahz, Gosuke, Bender, Purke62, Bak and others) 

28 types of mutant, including wild cats, rats, cockroaches, and female zombies (Authors: Wawka, kalinin11) 
53 different maps 
45 types of artefact 
20 types of anomaly 
16 independent factions 
5 models of detector - the top end models visually depicting the precise locations of artefacts and anomalies on the player’s minimap 
Over 4,000 NPC's, including several unique female Stalkers 
In-game Advanced Options menu 
Large numbers of vehicles, including models imported specially into the Zone… 
Extensive choice of body armour, with many upgradable, and 8 varieties of night vision 
AMK artefact cooking (Recipes), but now using a new artefact transmutator (Basis: Refresh; Kordinalnaya modifications: Sapsan and others) 
Looting of money from corpses (Author: Babuin 119) 
GPS tagging for stashes (Author: idler) 
Periodic ‘flying’ visits from mobile traders 
Earnable ‘shortcut trails’, enabling fast transition between maps 
Repair kits for armour and weapons (Author: DEXXX) 
Purchasable Bioradar for the HUD, detecting and displaying all nearby lifeforms (Authors: xStream, BAC9-FLCL, tolusha, Z-Vertoz, Nekt, Rusya) 
Mutant detector on the minimap, customisable to your favourite mutants… 
Weapon upgrades available at the Bar (Author: Ray) 
‘Hell Hour’ – the phenomenon of sustained zombie attacks (Author: Spot-shooter)

Blowouts and ‘Hell Hour’ become weaker the further you are from the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant (NPP), the source of the emissions 
Types of mutant, anomalies and artefacts encountered are also affected by where you are in the Zone, and your distance from the NPP 
Improved trading across the Zone 
Improved NPC faces, which appear accurately in storyline videos 
Improved AI for NPC behaviour, and their use of weapons (Author: xStream) 
Optional increasing difficulty with experience (Author: Sapsan) 
A personalised Modders’ Script allows you to fine tune each aspect of the game to your own preference, and a simple text file allows easy changes to shader options 

Additional incorporated mods include: 

Arena Extension Mod - Practice against multiple human and mutant opponents (Authors: kstn, IG-2007. Adaptation: Wawka, Kto)
Embryos that activate mutants, and capsules that create anomalies anywhere. Guaranteed to break the ice at parties! (Sources - Simbion Mod) 
RagDoll Mod (Author: LexMalin) 
‘Half Life’ style gravity gun (Authors: Malandrinus, Kirag) 
New silencers and optics (Arsenal Mod) 
Smoke grenades 
New videos for the storyline 
New sounds for all weapons (Author: MulleR) 
Locks for stashes to prevent theft (Author: Ferrari314)
Personal mp3 player, with music flash drives available from in-game traders 
Linspiro Addon v1.1 mod lets you buy info on stashes from friendly NPC’s (Author: Linspiro)
Nocturne Mod 1.0 adds new dreams (Authors: Khorn, malandrinus, nemnogonado) 
New HUDs, with dynamic effects (Authors: ABC Mod, Redux Mod, Vergas, zayaz) 
Doc Viewer makes documents readable on your HUD (Author: 7.9) 
All fires now create smoke (OGSE Mod) 
Water effects as debuted in Call of Pripyat 
The Wish Granter is now a random portal to treasures unknown…

Corpses become carrion, and disappear from maps eventually and effectively (Authors: Shadowman, Sapsan)
Major improvements to functionality and icons in personal Inventory (Authors: Rusya, stalker69 and others) 
Terrorizm Demo v0.2 adds explosives with detonators, land mines scattered across the Zone, and a necessary personal mine/portal detector (Author: 4ufak) 
Intellectual Marauder Mod 1.5.1 allows the looting of armour from corpses (Author: DEXXX) 
In-game Spawn Menu allows easy spawning of any item, anomaly or mutant… 
and so much more… :-)


The game is spread over several freeplayable levels: 

Level 0 - The highly upgraded Narodnaya Solyanka mod, which now leads into… 

Level 1 - ‘The Collector’ (Author: TecnoBacon), an original storyline with a new chain of quests, including 42 lost items stashed around the Zone, and a treasure 
hunt (Author: dAVROs). This level also incorporates the Zone Expansion Project, and includes new maps, characters, 24 missing documents, and a strange alien 
device which brings about… 

Level 2 - ‘Desolation’ (Author: TecnoBacon) - the onset of the Storm, the continuation of the treasure hunt, and a search for gold bullion, until… 

Level 3 - ‘Reclamation’ (Author: TecnoBacon) - the radiation storm recedes, mutants repopulate the Zone, and the race to the centre, for every faction, begins. You’ll be extremely grateful that other Stalkers have your back… 

Levels 4-10 (Author: TecnoBacon) are ongoing works in progress, but will become available as DLC 

Works in progress include: 

64 bit X-Ray engine supporting 16Gb RAM (expected late 2016) 
In-game networking using the game’s SMS messaging system 
Improvements to the geometry of the new levels and the mini-maps 
Weapon rebalancing and effectiveness
Continuous repair and optimisation of the X-Ray engine, including rogue original code, and removal of memory hogs in the code (the source of most CTD’s), making the game more stable with every new patch 


For more details, please visit http://www.tecnobacon.com/ 

