My earliest memories are of death...

Now, with a total loss of identity and past, it has taken what seems like another lifetime to progress from being unwelcome and destitute, lacking anything resembling a decent weapon with which to protect myself in this unforgiving and desolate place - to learning who I was, where I’d been, and where I needed to be. I acquired clues to help me get there, and weapons, medicine, and protection from everything trying to kill me in the Chernobyl aftermath… 

Level 0 of STALKERSOUP is simply massive, with quests ranging from basic to complex and far-reaching. I have been testing this level of the much larger game for over a year and, though I've taken on the same quests many, many times, I still have to think about what I’m doing to survive and prevail. It is that varied and involved.

There are NPCs whom I hate, those whom I consider as trusted friends, mutants I enjoy hunting, and some I get very nervous about hunting me. The quests and storylines have been carefully adopted from a diverse number of writers, and it shows. There is great variety even in the smallest things. I have played countless games in real life, but can honestly say that STALKERSOUP will always be in my top five. I look forward to every regular upgrade, to the multitude of new experiences that I know will come and, each time, I feel the call… 

I take a shot of vodka, put on my old leather coat, and break out my timeworn semi-accurate pistol. I check the action briefly, throw sixty rounds and a handful of medkits into my battered rucksack and, after a cursory glance behind me, head back once more into my adopted home, the Zone... 

Psy Dog 

……………………………………………………………………………………………......... 


STALKERSOUP Features 

"This independent game by TecnoBacon is widely considered to be one of the best and most stable adaptations of the STALKER trilogy..." (quote by Dan) 

A custom 56-level all.spawn incorporates the original Narodnaya Solyanka (People's Soup) with the Large Zone mod, Arsenal Mod, Arena Extension Mod, AMK/DMX enhancements (Level 0), and a unique level-up system that continues the storyline with Level-up 1 - 'The Collector' - which contains ZEP (Zone Expansion Project) documents, the Gold Bars quest, and the Treasure Hunt by DKZ (created exclusively for SS) 

The result of over five years of relentless coding to merge all these mods with additional content, the game has a dedicated worldwide team of testers, ongoing English translation from the original Russian (steve2000, Sword2012), further translation to other languages, and regular (usually once a month) updates (TecnoBacon, aleks1970) 

The game has benefited from a major refit over the last year, providing a more substantial and robust gameplay experience than ever before. Level-ups 2 (Desolation) and 3 (Reclamation) are already partially complete and working within the game, with new level-ups to be provided via DLC content in the future 

Containing over 230,000 objects, the 12Gb download unpacks a game weighing in at just over 19Gb (not including saves), and covers a legion of quests over 
every map from Shadow of Chernobyl, Clear Sky, and Call of Pripyat, plus many new areas, creating well over 200 hours of freeform gameplay 

Now with a dedicated Installer and Game Launcher, game options include selectable DX9, DX11, or SweetFX DX11 graphics, automatic log cleaning, savegame management, and a comprehensive choice of launch options (no more adding command lines to your shortcut!) 
Included as standard in the game are: 

Over 250 weapons, from fists, knives, katana, and night-vision crossbow - to a digital sniper rifle, grenade launchers, heavy machine guns, and anti-tank weapons...
(Authors: Zenobian Mod, Arsenal Mod, Simbion Mod, TIREX, giAdolf, Aahz, jgar, Alwen, eNdimiOn, ZEN, Kolyny, Death, Sm0kE, Sin!, Zeka1996, Korneev, Kirag)
(Authors’ models: Aahz, Gosuke, Bender, Purke62, Bak and others) 

28 types of mutant, including female zombies, wild cats, cockroaches, and rats (Authors: Wawka, kalinin11) 
53 different maps (3 more being developed for future DLC content) 
Over 4,000 NPCs, including unique female Stalker models 
45 types of Artefact 
20 types of Anomaly 
16 independent Factions 
8 models of detector - the top end models depicting the precise locations of artefacts and anomalies on the player’s minimap 
Numerous drivable vehicles, including models imported specially into the Zone… 
Extensive choice of Body Armor, with upgrades including 8 types of night vision 
AMK artefact cooking (Recipes) - now with an electronic Artefact Transmutator (Basis: Refresh. Kordinalnaya modifications: Sapsan and others) 
In-game Advanced Options menu 
GPS tagging for stashes (Author: idler) 
Periodic ‘flying’ visits from mobile traders 
Looting of money from corpses (Author: Babuin 119) 
Repair kits for body armor and weapons (Author: DEXXX) 
Earnable ‘shortcut trails’, enabling fast transition between maps 
Purchasable Bioradar for the HUD, displaying all nearby lifeforms (Authors: xStream, BAC9-FLCL, tolusha, Z-Vertoz, Nekt, Rusya) 
'Predator detection' for the minimap, customizable to all your favourite mutants… 
Professional weapon upgrades now available in the backroom of the Bar (Author: Ray) 
‘Hell Hour’ – the phenomenon of sustained Zombie attacks (Author: Spot-shooter)


Blowouts and ‘Hell Hour’ become weaker the further you are from the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant (NPP), the source of the emissions 
Types of mutant, artefacts, and anomalies encountered are also affected by where you are in the Zone, and your distance from the NPP 
Improved trading across the entire Zone 
Improved NPC faces, which appear accurately in storyline videos 
Improved AI for NPC behaviour and their use of weapons (Author: xStream) 
Optional increase in difficulty with experience (Author: Sapsan) 
Changes to shader options made easy with a simple text file 
A personalised Modders’ Script allows you to fine tune every aspect of the game to your preference

Incorporated or adapted Mods include: 

Arena Extension Mod - Practice against multiple human and mutant opponents (Authors: kstn, IG-2007. Adaptation: Wawka, Kto) 
Embryos to activate mutants, and capsules to create anomalies anywhere. Guaranteed to break the ice at parties! (Sources - Simbion Mod) 
RagDoll Mod (Author: LexMalin) 
‘Half Life’ style gravity gun, and 'Doom 3' style Soul Cube... (Authors: Malandrinus, Kirag) 
Smoke grenades 
New videos for the storyline 
New silencers and optics (Arsenal Mod) 
New sounds for all weapons (Author: MulleR) 
Locks for stashes to prevent theft - Yes, NPCs now nick your stuff... (Author: Ferrari314) 
Personal mp3 player, with custom music flash drives available from in-game traders 
Linspiro Addon v1.1 Mod lets you buy stash info from friendly NPCs (Author: Linspiro) 
Nocturne Mod 1.0 adds new dreams (Authors: Khorn, malandrinus, nemnogonado) 
New HUDs with dynamic effects (Authors: ABC Mod, Redux Mod, Vergas, zayaz) 
Doc Viewer makes documents readable on your HUD (Author: 7.9) 
All fires now create smoke (OGSE Mod) 
Water effects as debuted in Call of Pripyat 
The Wish Granter is now a random portal to treasures unknown… 

Corpses become carrion, eventually and effectively disappearing from maps (Authors: Shadowman, Sapsan) 
Major improvements to functionality and icons in your personal Inventory (Authors: Rusya, stalker69, aleks1970, and others) 
Terrorizm Demo v0.2 adds explosives with detonators, land mines scattered across the Zone, and a now-necessary portable mine-cum-portal detector (Author: 4ufak) 
Intellectual Marauder Mod 1.5.1 allows the looting of body armor from corpses (Author: DEXXX) 
In-game Spawn Menu allows the creation of any item, weapon, mutant, or even anomaly… 
Game support guides and documention (Authors: Plesskyn, Sword2012) 
Plus so much more… :-) 


The game is spread over several freeplayable levels: 

Level 0 - The highly upgraded Narodnaya Solyanka mod, which now leads into… 

Level 1 - ‘The Collector’ (Author: TecnoBacon), an original storyline with a new chain of quests, including 42 lost items stashed around the Zone, and a treasure 
hunt (Author: dAVROs). This level also incorporates the Zone Expansion Project, and includes new maps, characters, 24 missing documents, and a strange alien 
device which brings about… 

Level 2 - ‘Desolation’ (Author: TecnoBacon) - the onset of the Storm, the continuation of the treasure hunt, and a search for gold bullion, until… 

Level 3 - ‘Reclamation’ (Author: TecnoBacon) - the radiation storm recedes, mutants repopulate the Zone, and the race to the centre, for every faction, begins. You’ll be extremely grateful that other Stalkers have your back… 

Levels 4-10 (Author: TecnoBacon and possibly others) are ongoing works in progress, but will become available as DLC 

Other works in progress include: 

64 bit X-Ray engine supporting 16Gb RAM (expected late 2016) 
In-game networking using the game’s SMS messaging system 
Improvements to the geometry of new levels and mini-maps 
Weapon rebalancing and effectiveness
Continuous repair and optimization of the X-Ray engine, including removal of rogue original code and memory hogs (the source of most CTD’s), making the game more stable with every new patch 


For more details, please visit http://www.tecnobacon.com/ 

